README.md, before:

# PD2-Singleplayer
This collection aims to include everything you'd want for singleplayer testing in [Project D2](https://www.projectdiablo2.com/).

### [Download](https://github.com/BetweenWalls/PD2-Singleplayer/archive/main.zip)

## Inclusions
* level 99 characters for each class with accurate stats and skill points
* all unique/set items
* PD2-specific items (maps, worldstone shards, puzzleboxes, dclone materials, etc.)
* stacks of all runes/gems
* variety of jewels/charms
* many examples of runewords, and additional item bases for making your own
* many magic, rare, and crafted items

## Setup Guide
This uses a singleplayer mod called PlugY that implements a shared stash so that items can be organized and transferred between characters. Download [PlugY 11.02](http://plugy.free.fr/) (zip version) before beginning. PlugY also has some other useful quality-of-life features, so make sure to check out its readme file sometime.

1. Install Diablo II LoD
2. Install PD2
3. Install PlugY
* * copy PlugY.dll, PlugY.exe, PlugY.ini, and the PlugY 'readme' text file to your *Diablo II\ProjectD2* directory
* * copy the PlugY folder and its contents (11 files) to your *Diablo II* directory
4. Install this collection
* * Replace PlugY.ini in your *Diablo II\ProjectD2* directory with the version included here
* * Copy the files from the included Save folder to your *Diablo II\Save* directory
5. Run PD2 as you would normally to get the latest patch/update
6. Run PlugY.exe for singleplayer

## Stash Organization
The shared stash has multiple pages and can be navigated in increments of 1, 10, or 100 pages at a time. So far, the stash is organized as follows:

* (1-9) **Common Stuff**
* * empty page (for dumping items quickly or storing whatever's currently being tested)
* * workstation (maps, uber materials, corrupting materials)
* * runes & gems
* * special items (unique charms, cubes, tokens, etc.)
* * amulets & rings
* * jewels
* (10-39) **Charms**
* * resistance charms
* * damage charms
* * skillers for each class
* (40-49) **Base Items**
* (50-59) **Example Items**
* * magic, rare, & crafted items
* * runewords
* (60-69) **Uniques - Class-Specific**
* (70-89) **Uniques - Armor**
* (90-129) **Uniques - Weapons**
* (130-169) **Sets**

Commit message:

minor
* added basic info about editing

README.md, after:

# PD2-Singleplayer
This collection aims to include everything you'd want for singleplayer testing in [Project D2](https://www.projectdiablo2.com/).

### [Download](https://github.com/BetweenWalls/PD2-Singleplayer/archive/main.zip)

## Inclusions
* level 99 characters for each class with accurate stats and skill points
* all unique/set items
* PD2-specific items (maps, worldstone shards, puzzleboxes, dclone materials, etc.)
* stacks of all runes/gems
* variety of jewels/charms
* many examples of runewords, and additional item bases for making your own
* many magic, rare, and crafted items

## Setup Guide
The singleplayer PlugY mod adds stash pages for all the items. Download [PlugY 11.02](http://plugy.free.fr/) (zip version) before beginning.

1. Install Diablo II LoD
2. Install PD2
3. Install PlugY
* * copy PlugY.dll, PlugY.exe, PlugY.ini, and the PlugY 'readme' text file to your *Diablo II\ProjectD2* directory
* * copy the PlugY folder and its contents (11 files) to your *Diablo II* directory
4. Install this collection
* * Replace PlugY.ini in your *Diablo II\ProjectD2* directory with the version included here
* * Copy the files from the included Save folder to your *Diablo II\Save* directory
5. Run PD2 as you would normally to get the latest patch/update
6. Run PlugY.exe for singleplayer

## Stash Organization
The shared stash has multiple pages and can be navigated in increments of 1, 10, or 100 pages at a time. So far, the stash is organized as follows:

* (1-9) **Common Stuff**
* * empty page (for dumping items quickly or storing whatever's currently being tested)
* * workstation (maps, uber materials, corrupting materials)
* * runes & gems
* * special items (unique charms, cubes, tokens, etc.)
* * amulets & rings
* * jewels
* (10-39) **Charms**
* * resistance charms
* * damage charms
* * skillers for each class
* (40-49) **Base Items**
* (50-59) **Example Items**
* * magic, rare, & crafted items
* * runewords
* (60-69) **Uniques - Class-Specific**
* (70-89) **Uniques - Armor**
* (90-129) **Uniques - Weapons**
* (130-169) **Sets**

There are in-game commands for renaming stash pages and moving stash pages around - checkout the PlugY readme.

## Editing
The included blank characters can be edited with [Hero Editor](https://www.moddb.com/games/diablo-2-lod/downloads/hero-editor-v-104) or other editors, but only until they're loaded in-game. Once you play as a character and save it, the character's file will be formatted differently. If you're making many edits, make sure to make copies of the unplayed character files before entering the game with them.

Note that while most statlines can be edited normally, some have been changed in PD2 and will prevent the character from being played.
